[Music]
Coachella is just weeks away so now I'm
joined by fashion reporter Alison
McNamara who is tackling a festival
style for us today hi Alison hi yes you
know it's all about celebrity
inspiration today for Coachella and what
we did is we divided the celebrities
into style categories from boho to
whimsical we got it all alright let's
start off with boho
all right so boho is one of the most
common things that you see at these
music festivals and in our opinion no
one really does it better than Vanessa
Hudgens she's a music festival raid
killer she knows what to wear and this
outfit is perfect for those really hot
desert days it's a really cute ruffle
little bandeau top pair of denim
high-waisted shorts and then balance it
out she added on a longer vest there
kind of had like a little proportion
play if you will then for the
accessories it's all about being
comfortable you know so a pair of worn
and cowboy boots and a Navajo backpack
really easy accessories that she can
dance around in and then if finish all
off that little rosette headband and the
oversized sunglasses I mean so bow right
out of the seventies totally or 60s I
guess but about a little bit of little
bit of both what about someone who
doesn't want to go down that road and
they want something a little more
polished okay to polish because it's a
little unexpected you know you see that
boho thing all the time you want to go
polish three Hemingway Lauren Conrad two
really great looks
drew Hemingway was at the mulberry party
in this adorable 2-piece crop top and
fuller skirt number by dolce gabbana I
didn't notice it till you just said it
now that that's a little cute I love a
little fun kitschy print with a matching
little circular bag and then Lauren
Conrad I actually saw her at the Lacoste
party in this outfit she's got this
white sleeveless asymmetrical hemline
top tucked into a pair of stripes bold
like cheery shorts by three people
played off the color in the shorts and
went with a pair of orange circular
sunglasses and a straw hat that's a
bright colors there yeah it's cheery
what about someone wants to be a little
bit more of an all-american girl right
there I have a good look for this one it
might be our favorite look from
Coachella of all time bold statement I
know can't go wrong with a flag kate
bosworth is such a great dresser
especially at these festivals this was
one of her iconic looks at the top shop
top pair with monochromatic look with
some white denim shorts and then this
was back in 2011 before the wedge
sneaker craze was everywhere and here
she's wearing that Isabel Marant shoes
right ahead of the trend I mean
such a style setter and the accessories
are all really unexpected with the
necklaces and the earrings and she
actually designed those pieces there by
jewel men which she designs with her
stylist cher Coulter oh there you go
yeah very resourceful she is she could
probably sell it at that I've got
Coachella I would buy there you go okay
so it's you can also look a little bit
romantic these festivals I think
romantic is a really pretty look it kind
of goes hand in hand with that polished
look for me Katy Perry I think did this
brilliantly a few years ago she chose
this white laced here dress by Dolce
Gabanna but I think you could easily
find a vintage one that looks similar to
this it just feels a very garden it kind
of evokes a very ethereal romantic sense
she kind of gave it a 20s feel with a
long strand pearl necklace and then
further that retro vibe with a little
polka dot headpiece and you can do the
opposite end of the spectrum okay
something a little more edgy super edgy
I like this look too I think this one is
a little more common like the boho I
think Agnes Dean is a perfect example of
a formula for an edgy outfit that is a
no-fail outfit every single time
high-waisted shorts cool band muscle tee
pair of Doc Martens she switched out her
laces to be neon which i think is a cool
touch it's a great way to change up your
shoes yeah in a little plaid topper
jacket for when it gets cold
it's edgy and grunge and so easy you
could try one of these for all the
different days in Coachella yeah edgy
one day that's the fun part about
Coachella is I feel you can really have
fun with your style you can trust it up
you can try edgy you can go boho I mean
whatever it is you can really play home
a certain theme no matter what you have
fun
totally totally alright thanks so much
Alyson